docs: update model references to latest available models (#5496)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/red-team/troubleshooting/grading-results.md

# About the Grader

> When you run a red team scan against a target, Promptfoo will evaluate the results of the output and determine whether the result passes or fails. These results are determined by a model, which is `gpt-5-2025-04-14` by default. When the model grades the results of the output, it determines a pass or fail score for the output based on the application context you provide in the target set up.

Author: ```suggestion
When you run a red team scan against a target, Promptfoo will evaluate the results of the output and determine whether the result passes or fails. These results are determined by a model, which is `gpt-4.1-2025-04-14` by default. When the model grades the results of the output, it determines a pass or fail score for the output based on the application context you provide in the target set up.
```
